Fix code block  failing to align left side of lines in Bootstrap 4 (#2019)
rstudio/rmarkdown: NEWS.md

- `knitr_options_pdf()` will now throw a warning when `fig_crop = TRUE` but is disabled because required tools `pdfcrop` and/or `ghostscript` are missing (thanks, @netique, #2016).

> - Fix alignment of lines in code blocks generated by `html_document` with Bootstrap 4 theme (thanks, @atusy, #2019).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Eliminated the unnecessary padding in code blocks in the `html_document` output with Bootstrap 4 themes (thanks, @atusy, #2019).
```
